This is a small tutorial for learning the basics of programming.

All programs are composed of two primary components.
It doesn't matter if its a smartphone app, a web site, a game, or anything else.
This two components are: constants and functions.

You already know this components from your math lessons in elementary school.
- The numbers are constants.
- And the math operators are functions.

In general functions process one or more inputs to give a result.
For example in the sum '3 + 4', the function '+' has two inputs: the numbers
'3' and '4'. And it gives the result of '7'.

In the workspace you can do this kind of operations by connecting the constants
as inputs to the functions.
Try doing a couple of operations now.

(Here is a video of the steps to do this if you have any doubts)

When you finish doing some operations click the button 'Next' to continue.

-----------------------------------
We can not only manipulate numbers, we can also manipulate letters.
Letters are usually referred as 'String' in programming.
And as well as the math operations, there are functions to transform them.

Try to guess what does the functions in the right do. Then do some operations
on the workspace to see if the results are what you expected.

When you finish click the button 'Next' to continue.

-----------------------------------
We have seen two types of constants so far: Numbers & Letters (Strings).
Most programs are composed by more than one type of data. And we can mix them
according to what we want to achieve. We can even convert from one to the
other in case we need it.

Have you noticed that constants have different colors depending on their type?
Numbers are yellow and strings are orange.
The functions have definitions that tell us which type of data they need as input.
Hover on the functions of the library and you will see this information.

As usual try doing a couple of operations now. See what happens when you connect
an input of the wrong type to a function.

Try using the functions 'ToNumber' and 'toString' to convert a constant
from one type to another.

When you finish click the button 'Next' to continue.

-----------------------------------
Chaining

What we have done so far seems useless.


-----------------------------------
And that's it. Programming is so easy!
Just kidding. But in reality with what we have seen so far, we can already
do a lot of stuff.

But still there is a really powerful concept that we haven't seen.

The bricks we have been using have nothing special. We can even create our own.
They are made by the same operations we have been playing with.
